Fix the fully typed examples (#398)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/learn/smart-contract-internals/types/fully-typed-contracts.mdx

```bash
$ alias native="soroban contract invoke --network testnet --id CDLZFC3SYJYDZT7K67VZ75HPJVIEUVNIXF47ZG2FB2RMQQVU2HHGCYSC --"
$ native --help
Usage: CDLZFC3SYJYDZT7K67VZ75HPJVIEUVNIXF47ZG2FB2RMQQVU2HHGCYSC [COMMAND]

Commands:
  balance         Returns the balance of `id`.

                      # Arguments

                      * `id` - The address for which a balance is being queried. If the
                      address has no existing balance, returns 0.
  ...
  transfer        Transfer `amount` from `from` to `to`.

                      # Arguments

                      * `from` - The address holding the balance of tokens which will be
                      withdrawn from.
                      * `to` - The address which will receive the transferred tokens.
                      * `amount` - The amount of tokens to be transferred.

                      # Events

                      Emits an event with topics `["transfer", from: Address, to: Address],
                      data = [amount: i128]`
  ...

Options:
  -h, --help  Print help
```

> Like any other CLI, you can also get help for any of these subcommands using something like `native balance --help`. Soroban CLI again fetches the on-chain interface types, this time using it to generate a full list of all arguments to the function, and even generates examples. And just to be totally clear, you don't need to alias these commands. This would work, too:
> 
> ```bash
> soroban contract invoke --network testnet --id CDLZFC3SYJYDZT7K67VZ75HPJVIEUVNIXF47ZG2FB2RMQQVU2HHGCYSC -- balance --help
> ```

Reviewer: The "you don't need to alias..." part might make for a good admonition box

````suggestion
Like any other CLI, you can also get help for any of these subcommands using something like `native balance --help`. Soroban CLI again fetches the on-chain interface types, this time using it to generate a full list of all arguments to the function, and even generates examples.

:::tip

And just to be totally clear, you don't need to alias these commands. This would work, too:

```bash
soroban contract invoke --network testnet --id CDLZFC3SYJYDZT7K67VZ75HPJVIEUVNIXF47ZG2FB2RMQQVU2HHGCYSC -- balance --help
 ```

:::
````
